NAME
    The SWISH-E README File

What is SWISH-E?
    SWISH-E is Simple Web Indexing System for Humans - Enhanced. SWISH-E can
    quickly and easily index directories of files or remote web sites and
    search the generated indexes.

    SWISH was created by Kevin Hughes to fill the need of the growing number
    of Web administrators on the Internet - many of the indexing systems
    were not well documented, were hard to use and install, and were too
    complex for their own good. The system was widely used for several
    years, long enough to collect some bug fixes and requests for
    enhancements.

    In Fall 1996, The Library of UC Berkeley received permission from Kevin
    Hughes to implement bug fixes and enhancements to the original binary.
    The result is SWISH-Enhanced or SWISH-E, brought to you by the SWISH-E
    Development Team.

    SWISH-E version 2 represents a major rewrite of the code and the
    addition of many new features.

  Key features

    *   Quickly index a large number of documents in different formats
        including text, HTML, and XML

    *   Includes a web spider for indexing remote documents over HTTP

    *   Use "filters" to index any type of file such as PDF, gzip, or
        Postscript

    *   Document "properties" (some subset of the source document, usually
        defined as a META or XML elements) may be stored in the index and
        returned with search results

    *   Document summaries can be returned with each search

    *   Word stemming and soundex indexing

    *   Phrase searching and wildcard searching

    *   Results can be sorted by relevance or by any number of properties in
        ascending or decending order

    *   Limit searches to parts of documents such as certain HTML tags
        (META, TITLE, comments, etc.) or to XML elements.

    *   It's open source and FREE! You can customize SWISH-E and you can
        contribute your fancy new features to the project.

Where do I get SWISH-E?
    The current version of SWISH-E can be found at:

    http://sunsite.berkeley.edu/SWISH-E/

    Please make sure you use a current version of swish-e.

    Information about Windows binary distributions can also be found at this
    site.

How do I read the SWISH-E documentation?
    The SWISH-E documentation is in POD format. POD documentation is
    displayed by the `perldoc' command that is included with every Perl
    installation. For example, to view the installation documentation for
    swish-e, type

       perldoc INSTALL

    Check with your system administrator if this command is not available.

    Online documentation can be found at the SWISH-E web site listed above.
    Optionally, you may view the documentation in HTML format in the html
    directory of the distribution. PDF or Postscript format is also
    available.

  Included Documentation

    The following documentation is included in this SWISH-E distribution:

    *   README -- this file

    *   INSTALL -- Installation and basic usage instructions

    *   SWISH-CONFIG -- Configuration File Directives

    *   SWISH-INDEX -- Running Swish and Command Line Switches

    *   SWISH-SEARCH --All about Searching with SWISH-E

    *   SWISH-FAQ -- Common questions, and some answers

    *   SWISH-LIBRARY -- Interface to the SWISH-E C library

    *   SWISH-PERL -- Instructions for using the Perl library

    *   CHANGES -- List of feature changes and bug fixes

Where do I get help with SWISH-E?
    If you need help with installing or using SWISH-E please subscribe to
    the SWISH-E mailing list. See visit the SWISH-E web site listed above
    for information on subscribing to the SWISH-E list.

Document Info
    $Id$

    .

