This "conf" directory contains example swish-e configuration settings.

In the "stopwords" directory are files that contain lists of common
stopwords for a few languages.  They can be selected with the IgnoreWords
configuration directive.  See SWISH-CONFIG.pod for more information.

Configuration examples:

Note: In many cases you may not need a configurataion file at all when indexing
with swish.  The configuration defaults should get you started.  The configuration
defaults can also be set when compiling swish-e by adjusting the settings in config.h.

For example, you can index a directory (and sub directories)
simply by calling swish as:

    swish-e -i .

In general, though, you will use a config file to specify the configuration parameters
to use while indexing:

    swish-e -c mysettings.config

If you are having problems indexing some files, you can specify a single file
on the command line which will override the IndexDir configuration setting in
your config file:

   swish-e -c mysettings.config -i test.html -f other.index

which will index with your settings, but only index one file, and write the index
to the file specified with the -f option.

The files included here are examples.  It is recommended that you create your own
configuration file as needed, only adding additional directives when you need to
change the default behavior.

If you are generating a number of indexes, then consider moving common configuration
directives into a single file, and then including that configuration file in
other configuration files.  See the IncludeConfig directive in the SWISH-CONFIG.pod
manual page.

Examples:

    example1.config   - index only html files, plus
                      add labels to the index file
                      
    example2.config   - include metanames in your index

    example3.config   - add descriptive tags to your index

    example4.config   - site-wide settings

    example5.config   - Using "FileRules" to control
                      what gets indexed

    example6.config   - spider using "prog" feature

    example7.config   - spider using the "http" method of indexing

    example8.config   - using "filters" to convert PDF files.

    example9.config   - using the "prog" method for filtering
    example9.pl




