NAME
    The SWISH-E README File

What is SWISH-E?
    SWISH-E is Simple Web Indexing System for Humans - Enhanced. SWISH-E can
    quickly and easily index directories of files or remote web sites and
    search the generated indexes.

    SWISH was created by Kevin Hughes to fill the need of the growing number
    of Web administrators on the Internet - many of the indexing systems
    were not well documented, were hard to use and install, and were too
    complex for their own good. The system was widely used for several
    years, long enough to collect some bug fixes and requests for
    enhancements.

    In Fall 1996, The Library of UC Berkeley received permission from Kevin
    Hughes to implement bug fixes and enhancements to the original binary.
    The result is SWISH-Enhanced or SWISH-E, brought to you by the SWISH-E
    Development Team.

    SWISH-E version 2 represents a major rewrite of the code and the
    addition of many new features.

  Key features

    *   Quickly index a large number of documents in different formats
        including text, HTML, and XML

    *   Includes a web spider for indexing remote documents over HTTP

    *   Use "filters" to index any type of file such as PDF, gzip, or
        Postscript

    *   Document "properties" (some subset of the source document, usually
        defined as a META or XML elements) may be stored in the index and
        returned with search results

    *   Document summaries can be returned with each search

    *   Word stemming and soundex indexing

    *   Phrase searching and wildcard searching

    *   Results can be sorted by relevance or by any number of properties in
        ascending or decending order

    *   Limit searches to parts of documents such as certain HTML tags
        (META, TITLE, comments, etc.) or to XML elements.

    *   It's open source and FREE! You can customize SWISH-E and you can
        contribute your fancy new features to the project.

Where do I get SWISH-E?
    The current version of SWISH-E can be found at:

    http://sunsite.berkeley.edu/SWISH-E/

    Please make sure you use a current version of swish-e.

    Information about Windows binary distributions can also be found at this
    site.

The SWISH-E Documentation
    Documetation is provided in the SWISH-E distribution package in two
    forms, POD (Plain Old Documentation), and in html format. The POD
    documentation is in the pod directory, and the HTML documentation is in
    the html directory, of course.

    The distribution make files can also generate the documentation in these
    formats:

        Postscript
        PDF (Adobe Acrobat)
        system man pages

    You may also build a "split" version of the documentation where each
    topic heading is a separate web page. Building the split version also
    creates a SWISH-E index of the documentation that makes the
    documentation searchable via the included Perl CGI program.

    Buiding these other forms of documentation require aditional helper
    applications -- most modern Linux distributions will include all that's
    needed. At least mine does...

    Online documentation can be found at the SWISH-E web site listed above.

    See INSTALL for information on creating the PDF and Postscript versions
    of the documentation, and for information on installing the SWISH-*
    documentation as Unix man(1) pages.

  How do I read the SWISH-E documentation?

    The SWISH-E documentation is in POD format, and the documentation can be
    found in the pod directory. POD documentation is displayed by the
    "perldoc" command that is included with every Perl installation. For
    example, to view the swish-e installation documentation page called
    "INSTALL", type

       perldoc pod/INSTALL

    or to make life easier,

       cd pod
       perldoc INSTALL
       perldoc SWISH-RUN

    Complain to your system administrator if the `perldoc' command is not
    available on your machine.

  Included Documentation

    The following documentation is included in this SWISH-E distribution:

    *   README -- this file

    *   INSTALL -- Installation and basic usage instructions

    *   SWISH-CONFIG -- Configuration File Directives

    *   SWISH-RUN -- Running Swish and Command Line Switches

    *   SWISH-SEARCH --All about Searching with SWISH-E

    *   SWISH-FAQ -- Common questions, and some answers

    *   SWISH-LIBRARY -- Interface to the SWISH-E C library

    *   SWISH-PERL -- Instructions for using the Perl library

    *   CHANGES -- List of feature changes and bug fixes

  Document Generation

    The SWISH-E documentation in HTML format was created with
    Pod::HtmlPsPdf, a package of Perl modules written and/or modified by
    Stas Bekman to automate the conversion of documents in pod format (see
    perldoc perlpod) to HTML, Postscript, and PDF. A slightly modified
    version of this package is include with the SWISH-E distribution and
    used for building the HTML. As distributed, SWISH-E contains only the
    pod and HTML documentation. See INSTALL for instructions on creating
    man(1), Postscript, and PFD formats.

    Thanks, Stas, for your help!

Where do I get help with SWISH-E?
    If you need help with installing or using SWISH-E please subscribe to
    the SWISH-E mailing list. See visit the SWISH-E web site listed above
    for information on subscribing to the SWISH-E list.

    Before posting any questions please read QUESTIONS AND TROUBLESHOOTING
    in the INSTALL documentation page.

SWISH-E Development
    SWISH-E is currently being developed as an open source project on
    SourceForge http://sourceforge.net. This documentation is updated
    frequently from CVS at http://swishe.sourceforge.net/

    See http://sourceforge.net/projects/swishe/ for more information.

Document Info
    Each document in the SWISH-E distribution contains this section. It
    refers only to the specific page it's located in, and not to the SWISH-E
    program or the documentation as a whole.

    $Id$

    .

