Filtering documents with SWISH::Filter
--------------------------------------

Swish-e knows only how to parse HTML, XML, and text files. 
Other file types may be indexed with the help of filters.

SWISH::Filter is a Perl module designed to make converting
documents from one type of content to another type of content
easy.  It's uses a plug-in type of system where new filters
can be added with little effort.

SWISH::Filter (and associated plug-in filter modules) do not
normally do the actual filtering.  This system provides only
an interface to the programs that do the filtering.

For example, the Swish-e distribution includes a filter plug-in
called SWISH::Filters::Pdf2HTML.  For this filter to work you must
install the xpdf package that includes the pdftotext and pdfinfo
programs.  SWISH::Filters::Pdf2HTML only provides a unified interface
to this programs.

In addition to installing the required filter programs, you will need
to set the path to the SWISH::Filter modules before indexing.  For example,
if you unpacked the Swish-e distribution into $HOME/swish-e-2.2 directory
you could do (with bourne type of shell):

    export PERL5LIB=$HOME/swish-e-2.2/filters

When first testing you may also wish to set

    export FILTER_DEBUG=1

which will generate additional warnings when filter modules fail to load.    

Please see the SWISH::Filter documentation for more information.

    ~/swish-e/filters $ perldoc SWISH::Filter

See also src/swishspider and prog-bin/spider.pl for examples of how
to use the SWISH::Filter module.


Swish-e has another filter system.
The FileFilter directive that can be used to
filter documents through an external program while indexing.
That system requires a separate filter setup for each type
of document. See the SWISH-CONFIG page for information
on that type of filtering.

Current filters distributed with Swish-e:
-----------------------------------------

All of these filters require installation of helper programs and/or Perl modules.
See the individual module's documentation for dependencies.

    SWISH::Filters::Doc2txt     - converts MS Word documents to text
    SWISH::Filters::Pdf2HTML    - converts PDF files to HTML with info tags as metanames
    SWISH::Filters::ID3toHTML   - extracts out ID3 (v1 and v2) tags from MP3 files
    SWISH::Filters::XLtoHTML    - converts MS Excel to HTML

Filters that depend on Perl modules that are not installed will not load.
Setting the environment variable FILTER_DEBUG may report helpful errors when using
filters.

See perldoc SWISH::Filter for instructions on creating filters.

